docs(InputGroup): add Accessibility documentation (#4813)
kiwicom/orbit: docs/src/documentation/03-components/05-input/inputgroup/03-accessibility.mdx

### Accessibility Props

| Name           | Type     | Description                                                                                   |
| :------------- | :------- | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| ariaLabel      | `string` | Provides an accessible label for the fieldset when no visible `label` is provided.            |
| ariaLabelledby | `string` | References the ID of an element that labels the fieldset.                                     |
| label          | `string` | Provides a visible legend for the fieldset that also serves as the accessible name.           |
| required       | `bool`   | When `true`, applies `aria-required="true"` to indicate at least one field must be completed. |

### Automatic Accessibility Features

- The component automatically manages ARIA attributes:
  - `aria-required="true"` when the `required` prop is set
  - `aria-describedby` on all child elements when InputGroup has `error` or `help` content and the tooltip is shown

>   - Unique feedback ID generation for error/help content association

Reviewer: I don't know if I would mention this as it's only internal, no one can access its value, so it might be confusing.

- The component automatically manages semantic structure:
  - Uses `<fieldset>` element to group related form controls
  - Wraps `label` prop content in `<legend>` element
- Child component integration:
  - InputGroup `error`/`help` takes precedence over individual component messages

>   - Child component labels are visually hidden but converted to `ariaLabel` for screen readers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Child component labels are visually hidden but converted to `aria-label` for screen readers
```

>   - Child component `ariaDescribedby` values are overwritten by InputGroup's accessibility logic

Reviewer: The same applies for child's `ariaLabel` as well, right?

### Keyboard Navigation

- **Tab/Shift + Tab**: Standard form navigation through child controls
- Individual keyboard interactions are handled by child components (InputField, Select, etc.)

### Best Practices

- Always provide either `label` or `ariaLabel` to ensure the fieldset has an accessible name
- Use `ariaLabelledby` when referencing an existing heading that describes the group
- Avoid setting `ariaDescribedby` on child components as InputGroup will completely override these values

> - Use InputGroup's `error` and `help` props for group-level messages rather than individual component messages

Reviewer: I like the note in the examples regarding this, maybe we can also mention it here that child error/help messages are ignored?

- Ensure all accessibility strings are properly translated
- Group only logically related form controls together

### Examples

#### Basic InputGroup with Label

```jsx
<InputGroup label="Passenger details">
  <InputField label="First name" />
  <InputField label="Last name" />
</InputGroup>
```

> Screen reader announces: "First name, Passenger details, group" when focusing on the first input field.

Reviewer: Is this correct? It said `First name, edit text, Passenger details, group` for me 🤔

Author: aah, interesting. I checked the config and if I change the default speech verbosity from low to medium or high I get the same text as you. Maybe I have changed this in the past.. I see that the second example includes the "edit" instead of "edit text" - I double check all announcements if they include the usual sections (even though in different order or slightly different wording)
